Producing and consuming data to REST proxy works
largely like traditional Kafka consumer or producer client code.
There are some differences though because you're going to be
working with a REST API and not a native client.
We'll review some special considerations for managing
consumer groups ever schemas and content types.
To produce data to a Kafka topic,
you simply use the post REST verb to send
data to a topic URL ending in the name of the topic.
REST proxy allows you to post a list of data
to a topic at once so you can send more than one message at a time.
The simplest way to produce data is by sending binary data with no schema whatsoever.
However, sending schemas data into Kafka has
all the same drawbacks that we discussed in a previous lesson.
So you're going to want to avoid doing that if you can.
Beyond binary data you may also publish JSON and Avro data.
In the image on screen notice that the records are in JSON format.
This is how you send JSON data to REST proxy.
Also notice this content type.
We're going to talk a little bit more about this especially during the demonstration
but notice that this is not just application slash JSON.
Kafka's using the vendor specific verb here so that they can add
an additional information about how
the REST proxy should handle the data that you're sending it.
Publishing Avro data requires some special consideration.
Every message you send through REST proxy must include
your Avro schema alongside the data that it describes.
Note that value schema defines the Avro schema and that it's a JSON string not raw JSON.
Don't overlook this detail when you use REST proxy.
I've abbreviated the string here to fit on the slide.
So again we specify the Avro schema here.
Notice this backslash quote.
This is a JSON string,
this is not raw JSON.
So records and value here,
this is raw JSON, this is just normal JSON object.
This is a string, I just want to emphasize this fact.
You might be thinking that this introduces a lot of
overhead relative to a normal Kafka client.
In other words sending this value schema on every message and you'd be right.
This is one of the drawbacks of using the REST proxy.
If your API call is successful or encounters an error,
you'll receive standard HTTP error codes from the API.
Successful call result in a 200 being returned and errors will either be 422 for
unprocessable or 44 for
an unknown topic or some 500 level error if REST proxy is not working for some reason.
These error codes are the same regardless of
what type of data serialization format you choose.
Again, I also just want to point out
this content type that again it's not application JSON,
it's application and then a vendor specific format and notice we've specified Avro here.
Finally, let's review the HTTP header content types that you must send a REST proxy.
We've already pointed these out in a few of the previous lessons but I want
to make sure to go over them because they're incredibly important when using this tool.
If you don't use the correct content-type,
you will not be able to use REST proxy successfully,
and you will receive confusing errors.
REST proxy is the content type that you send it to make
decisions about how to handle the data that's being sent to it.
Again, if you don't correctly supply your HTTP header,
you will almost certainly end up receiving a confusing error back from the REST proxy.
So my recommendation is to make sure that you get this right
before you even try to send the data to REST proxy at all.
So how did these headers work?
See the content notes for extensive documentation but the gist of it
is that you supply the embedded format of the data for Kafka.
The embedded format is what's in bold here;
binary, JSON, and Avro.
In addition to the serialization format of
the actual message that we're sending to Kafka REST proxy.
For now this is always going to be JSON.
That's what's Kafka REST proxy supports for now.
If you're confused, don't worry we're going to walk through demonstration.
Additionally, like I said links to the REST proxy documentation
for further details can be found in the accompanying notes to this section.